Art 151 Data Presentation Notes
Amy Ngo - Presenting on 4/5

4/5 - Monday
Jose Miguel
1.) Formula 1 is an open wheel head-to-head racing with 21 races per season and around 23 drivers.
The Dominant team is Mercedes AMG Petronas and top drive is Lewis Hamilton.
Youngest driver is Max Verstappen, he joined professional racing at age 17, now 23.
Jose's knowledge and analysis of the data sounds promising about how the team will be in upcoming games.
- Do you think other people will improve their rankings in the future? Or will the rankings be about the same based?

Piotr Ramza
2.) The project is based on the Markov's model using Disney's reviews. The number of stars affects words with a positive or negative meaning.
The generated review sentences are close to a real structured sentence, which can be seen as a real person giving a review.

4/7 Wednesday
Nick Huetra
1.) People can get tapeworms from eating uncooked foods. Tapeworms can live in any environment.
Really informational but can provide a bit more information about what happens in the cause of death.
It's good to know how to protect ourselves with helpful information when encountering animals.
People must be careful outside for any purpose since there's many dangerous things that can hurt or affect humans.

Shalin J Patel
2.) The circle graphs sizes shows the difference between vaccinated countries.
The graph of the countries should be aligned so that the audience can see the length differences on total vaccinations.
The data is presented well in the various data representations and other types of vaccinations data.

Ansar Ahmed
3.) Basic information on strokes and heart disease is good to know. The pie chart comparision between gender shows a big difference, likely from different types of stress genders face.
Married people are less likely to have a stroke or heart disease compared to unmarried people.

Qasim R Mir
4.) Fantasy movie genres are not present in recent years, people are probably redefining what fantasy is. 
Frozen is labeled as comedy. The most genre type of movies is Horror.

4/12 - Monday
Neil Chawla
1.) Approximately 70% of films on Netflix are movies and 30% are TV shows. Main target is focused on mature audiences since there are more mature content than younger audience.
There are a greater number of movies than TV shows because the trend of what people watch, such as older audience are watching mature content in movies more often than TV shows.
Young children looking for TV shows which are limited in what they look for.

Kent Paglomotan
2.) Wii Sports shipped approximately 80 million copies. Nintendo made the most sales.
Top 10 global sales mostly show sales from Call of Duty.
Top Japanese sale is Crash Bandicoot because the game was adjusted to appeal Japanese players.

Matt Lange
3.) Most games in 2020 are towards PC than the Switch, PS4 and other. 
Most games lean towards third person shooters, it may be because most games are targeting mature audience.

Sam Alammar
4.) Netflix is worth $162 million. The code takes a genre, then the code takes a color from the Netflix's show/movie poster and generates all of the color palette.
The 3D object uses the color palette, and the speed depends on the number of colors in the palette.

Manon Marie Thompson
5.) Data is based on local and national data because there are some inflations and taxes that affected the data.
The Art Institute of Chicago has the most Chicago Museum Revenues and Assets. Field Museum is second in Assets because of the artifacts the museum has.
Most people who work in the museums are defined as White.

Vivek Bhatt
6.) The graphical data on COVID-19's cases and deaths shows a logarithmic shape. 
The white circles represent healthy people, red circles represent infected people with COVID-19, green circle represents people healed from COVID-19.

Marian Cardenas
7.)
